Ubiquitous Language

- Hotel
1.Act of God: Natural disaster that could not have been predicted at the time of the contract signing. 
Parties have no control over an Act of God, thus they’re not legally bound to fulfill contract responsibilities.
2.Bed Tax: An added price to a hotel room imposed by the city or country based on where the hotel is located.
3.Benchmarking: A method of comparing a hotel against competitors. Subjects of comparing could include product/service, room rate, or quality.
4.Closing Ratio: The percentage of calls to contacts resulting in a verified sale.
5.Destination Marketing Organisation (DMO): Non-profit financed by occupancy taxes with the goal of promoting travel, tourism, and events in a host city.
6.Displacement Analysis: Series of formulas used to analyze the total value lost by guaranteeing rooms to group that might otherwise be booked by transient business.
7.Enterprise Planner: An event planner that works exclusively for a large corporation coordinating brand events that range from internal meetings to conferences.
8.Familizartion Tours (FAM): Organized trips for members of the travel trade to familiarize them with tourism destinations.
9.Hotelligence: Historical electronic booking data reports from Global Distribution Systems (GDS) that include information on rates and length of stay patterns, 
business sources, for their local competitive sets, and individual subscriber properties.
10.Independent Hotel: A hotel with no affiliation with a franchise or chain.

-Education Glossary
1.Age of Majority: The age of majority is the age at which a student gains the rights to make his or her own decisions – including any decision related to education.
2.Gamification: Gamification is an instructional approach that brings elements of playing a game into a classroom. Teachers may use game elements like gaining points 
or completing activities to move to the next level to motivate students. Often, gamification’s goal is to make learning more fun and engaging for students.
3.Growth Mentality: In education, a growth mindset refers to the idea that students and staff can change and improve their abilities through hard work and helpful teaching and tools. 
4.Modifications: Modifications are changes to what is being taught or expected of a student.  Modifications change the rigor of an assignment or change what the teacher is assessing.
5.Office of Special Education Programs (OSEP): The Office of Special Education Programs is a division of the U.S. Department of Education focused entirely on special education.
6.Benchmark: Benchmarks are milestones that enable parents, students, and educators to track a student’s progress throughout the year.
7.Voucher: Families eligible for vouchers can use all or or some of the public funding available for their child’s education to attend a private school of their choice. 
8.Whole Child Education: Whole child education places a priority not just on academics, but on all aspects of the child’s development, including social-emotional learning, 
physical health, and mental health. 
9.Year-round School: Like it sounds, year-round schooling refers to there being no summer break. Instead, year-round schools typically take shorter breaks through the year.
10.Zone (Attendance Zone): In many areas, where a family lives determines what public school they are automatically assigned or zoned to. Today, there are increasing opportunities
to choose a school other than your zoned school, whether through open enrollment or by attending a public charter school or another type of school.

- Multimedia
1.Watermark:A background image. Typically used to decorate and identify pages in a Web site, a watermark remains stationary as the page scrolls.
2.RTV: Real Time Video: single step compression of video.
3.Web Browser: A client application that fetches and displays Web pages and other WWW resources to the user. The most popular browsers are Microsoft’s Internet Explorer and Netscape’s Navigator.
4.Analogue Video: A video signal that represents an infinite number of smooth gradations between given video levels. Contrast with a Digital Video signal which assigns a finite set of levels.
5.Applet: Small program that performs a limited range of tasks as part of a Web page.
6.Animation Path: An editable line that objects follow during the course of an animation.
7.Dichroic Mirror: A mirror used to reflect light selectively according to its wavelength.
8.Front Projection: Front projection is when a projection unit is positioned in front of the screen. See also Rear Projection.
9.Rear Projection: With rear projection, the projector is placed behind a translucent screen. See also Front Projection.
10.Asset: Term for all the constituent media files (such as text, graphics, sounds, video) that make up a multimedia movie.
